Add API additions to 2.7 highlights (#8909)
playframework/playframework: documentation/manual/releases/release27/migration27/Migration27.md

This section lists significant updates made to our dependencies.

### Akka update

Play 2.7 uses the latest version of Akka 2.5 series. Mixing versions of Akka libraries [is not allowed](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.5/common/binary-compatibility-rules.html#mixed-versioning-is-not-allowed) and the newest versions log a warning when it detects that multiple versions of Akka artifacts are being used. You see something like:

```

> Detected possible incompatible versions on the classpath. Please note that a given Akka version MUST be the same across all modules of Akka that you are using, e.g. if you use [2.5.19] all other modules that are released together MUST be of the same version. Make sure you're using a compatible set of libraries. Possibly conflicting versions [2.5.4, 2.5.19] in libraries [akka-actor:2.5.17, akka-remote:2.5.4]

Reviewer: Should this be `[akka-actor:2.5.19, akka-remote:2.5.4]`?

I would also add something like "In this example, the fix would be to update `akka-remote` to the same version Play is using, e.g.:
```scala
val AkkaVersion = "2.5.19" // should match the version used by Play

libraryDependencies += "com.typesafe.akka" %% "akka-remote" % AkkaVersion
```

This section lists significant updates made to our dependencies.

### Akka update

> Play 2.7 uses the latest version of Akka 2.5 series. Mixing versions of Akka libraries [is not allowed](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.5/common/binary-compatibility-rules.html#mixed-versioning-is-not-allowed) and the newest versions log a warning when it detects that multiple versions of Akka artifacts are being used. You see something like:

Reviewer 2: "latest version of Akka 2.5 series" you mean 2.5.19? https://akka.io/blog/news/2018/12/07/akka-2.5.19-released

Author: Yes. I didn't want to pinpoint the version since this will undoubtedly change over patch releases.

> Play 2.7 uses the latest version of Akka 2.5 series. Mixing versions of Akka libraries [is not allowed](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.5/common/binary-compatibility-rules.html#mixed-versioning-is-not-allowed) and the newest versions log a warning when it detects that multiple versions of Akka artifacts are being used. You see something like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Play 2.7 uses the latest version of Akka 2.5 series. Mixing versions of Akka libraries [is not allowed](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.5/common/binary-compatibility-rules.html#mixed-versioning-is-not-allowed) and the newest versions log a warning when they detect that multiple versions of Akka artifacts are being used. You see something like:
```

newest versions is plural, so must use "they" here
